feat(documentation): add custom-select documentation (#2573)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/khaki-pets-relax.md

---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
---

> Added a documentation page for the angular pattern `custom-select` which is bades on the ng-bootstrap `dropdown` component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a documentation page for the angular `custom-select` component based on the ng-bootstrap `dropdown` component.
```
Nitpick: I would not say that it is a pattern. It's rather a component without encapsulation.
